[MUSIC]
>> Rachel Nabors: This is one of those
things where I will let you try to figure
it out on your own and encourage
you to check the curriculum notes.
However, steps is very tricky and
I don't expect everyone to
get it right from the get go.
If you don't get it, don't worry,
I'll walk us through it.
But you will become more familiar with how
steps works and some of its drawbacks.
What I want you to do is to
make your own walk cycle.
I've given you this sprite, this super
cool, handmade, all-American sprite.
Boom, look at that.
It's got 1, 2, 3,
I think it has 12 frames in total.
Very important, Tuna is 200 pixels tall.
And there are 12 of these,
giving it a total height of 2,400 pixels.
>> Rachel Nabors: And you are going to
move, you're going to transition its
background position,
of this Tuna element to make him walk.
And you're gonna use
the steps timing function.
I'm gonna give you ten
minutes to work on this.
And then,
you get to watch me suffer through it.
>> Speaker 2: Would telling us how to
move a background position be cheating?
>> Rachel Nabors: Well,
you move it the same way you would-
>> Speaker 2: I mean,
just position it, how is it-
>> Rachel Nabors: Background-position is
the property you're going
to want to transition.
I mean not transition, you're gonna
wanna animate the background position.
Yes, good question, thank you.
[LAUGH]
>> Rachel Nabors: That is not cheating.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] Okay, thanks.
>> Rachel Nabors: If at any time you
are lost, I do encourage you also to read
the comments in the CodePen as there
are various hints listed throughout it.